.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright 1998-2000 AbiSource, Inc.
.\" AbiWord and AbiSource are trademarks of
.\" AbiSource, Inc.
.\"
.\" AbiWord is free software; you can redistribute it
.\" and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General
.\" Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
.\" option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General
.\" Public License for more details.
.\"
.TH AbiWord 8 "June 2001" "AbiWord 1.0"
.SH NAME
AbiWord - AbiWord Word Processor
.SH SYNOPSIS
/usr/bin/abiword [ options ] [ file ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The AbiWord project began as a desire to create a stable, feature-savvy word processor unbound by a single platform or proprietary file formats. Today AbiWord compiles as a native application on a wide collection of computers and can handle an equally impressive number of file formats.
.SH OPTIONS
.B -[to]
.RS
Target format of file. For conversion AbiWord documents.
[abw, zabw, rtf, txt, utf8, html, latex, etc]
.RE
.B -verbose
.RS
Specify the amount required amount of detail of the message information.
.RE
.B -version
.RS
Report the version of AbiWord.
.RE
.B -show
.RS
Force the Graphical User Interface (GUI) to be shown, even if using the options
.B -to
or
.B -help.
.RE
.B -geometry
.RS
Set initial frame geometry.
.RE
.B -nosplash
.RS
Do not show the AbiWord splash screen.
.RE
.B -lib
.RS
Use the specified directory for application components.
.RE
.RE
.SH BUGS
Some platforms do not yet support all features at the time of writing.

Submit bugs to the Bugzilla bug tracking system at the AbiSource.com website.  Your contributions are appreciated.
.B http://buzilla.abisource.com.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wvWare(1), 
.BR psiconv, 
.BR ispell(1)
.SH HISTORY
AbiWord was originally started by SourceGear.  AbiWord is currently an Open Source Project run by volunteers. 